---
title: Get involved
permalink: /about
---

This page should give an overview of how to add content.

## How to get Involved
If you find the sea breeze application useful and decide to implement to the 
model you are using it is very much appreciated if you add your source code to 
the [GitHub porject](https://github.com/antarcticrainforest/seabreeze_param). 
Your source code should be added to the following directory structure:

code/modelname/version
{: .notice--info}

Once the source code is added a docu about it should be added to the github-pages 
branch. To do so checkout the github-pages branch:

```bash
$: git checkout gh-pages
```

The docu is generated by corss platform blog-aware static side generator 
[Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com). Since jekyll is written in ruby you should have 
installed ```ruby``` on your computer. Some linux distribution, like Ubuntu, also 
need ```ruby-dev``` to be installed. Jekyll and the ruby's applicatoin manager bundler 
can be installed by:

```bash
$: gem install jekyll bundler
```

You should then update all extensions with 

```bash
$: bundle install
```
New content has to be placed in the ```_portfolio``` directory. The ducumentation 
can be written in [Markdown](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) or 
html. The filename of the doument should always start with a 2 digit number followed by a underscore 
and the name of the model that is described. For example ```05_echam.md```. 

***NOTE:*** Jekyll scans each document for meta data about the content, therefore 
each file should start a header containing the page title and the link. For example:  
 \-\-\-  
 title: Some title  
 permalink: /modelname  
 \-\-\-
{: .notice--warning}

A link for the navigation in side bar and header should also be added. The navigation 
is defined in ```_data/navigation.yml```. Simply add a new *title*, *description* and *url* 
to the ```main``` and ```docs``` sectoins. 

***NOTE:*** The *url* has to be the same as the *permalink* given in the header of the document.
{: .notice--warning}

Once the source code and the documentation is added you can make a [pull request](https://github.com/antarcticrainforest/seabreeze_param/pulls)
on the GitHub repository to merge your changes. 

If you whish to review the layout of your documentation before submitting a pull 
request you can run the following command:

```bash
$: bundle exec jekyll serve
```

This will generate the content that can be accessed through your browser on 
[localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000). If you get an error message complaining about a non-ascii character 
change the ```LC_ALL``` settings to a utf8 code set. For example:

```bash
$: export LC_ALL=en_US.UTF-8
$: bundle exec jekyll serve
```
